falsi bts

f: flags
a: arth
l: logic
s: shift
i: interp
b: branch
t: transform
s: string


To recap the important data from the inputs you provided:
MOV (Move) instruction:
Syntax: MOV destination, source
Copies the value of the source operand into the destination operand.
Restrictions: It cannot modify the values of CS and IP registers, copy the value of one segment register into another segment register directly, or copy an immediate value into a segment register directly.
Examples of MOV instruction usage:
MOV AX, BX: Transfers the value of a 16-bit register BX to a 16-bit register AX.
MOV AH, CL: Transfers the value of an 8-bit register CL to an 8-bit register AH.
MOV AX, [Val1]: Transfers the contents of a memory location with address Val1 (16 bits) to register AX.
MOV [Val2], AL: Transfers the contents of register AL to a memory location with address Val2.
Restrictions and workarounds:
Direct memory-to-memory transfer is not allowed. To overcome this, a two-step process is used: first, transfer the value to a register and then transfer it to the desired memory location.
Segment register-to-segment register transfer requires using an intermediate general-purpose register.
CS (Code Segment) register is not used as a destination register.
LEA (Load Effective Address) instruction:
Transfers the offset address of a memory operand to a 16-bit register.
Similar to MOV instruction with an offset.
Example usage: LEA BX, TAB_VAL (equivalent to MOV BX, offset TAB_VAL).
XCHG (Exchange) instruction:
Allows swapping the values between the source and destination operands.
Algorithm: operande1 <-> operande2
Examples:
XCHG AL, AH: Swaps the values of 8-bit registers AL and AH.
XCHG AX, BX: Swaps the values of 16-bit registers AX and BX.
PUSH instruction:
Syntax: PUSH SOURCE
Pushes a 16-bit value onto the top of the stack.
Algorithm: SP = SP - 2, SS:[SP] (top of the stack) = operand
Example usage:
PUSH AX: Pushes the value of register AX onto the stack.
POP instruction:
Syntax: POP destination
Pops a 16-bit value from the top of the stack into the destination operand.
Algorithm: operand = SS:[SP] (top of the stack), SP = SP + 2
Example usage:
POP DX: Pops the value from the stack into register DX.
PUSHA and POPA instructions:
PUSHA: Pushes all general-purpose registers (AX, CX, DX, BX, SP, BP, SI, DI) onto the stack.
POPA: Pops all general-purpose registers from the stack (DI, SI, BP, SP, BX, DX, CX, AX).
These instructions allow saving and restoring the state of all registers during subroutine calls.
CBW (Convert Byte to Word) instruction:
Sign-extends the value in AL (8-bit) into AH (8-bit) while preserving the sign.
Algorithm: If the most significant bit (sign bit) of AL is 1, AH = 0xFF; otherwise, AH = 0.
Example usage: CBW extends the value of AL to a 16-bit value in AX while preserving the sign.
CWD (Convert Word to Double Word) instruction:
Sign-extends the value in AX (16-bit) into DX (16-bit) while preserving the sign.
Algorithm: If the most significant bit (sign bit) of AX is 1, DX = 0xFFFF; otherwise, DX = 0.
Example usage: CWD extends the value of AX to a 32-bit value in DX:AX while preserving the sign.
Please note that the examples provided are for illustrative purposes and may not represent complete code snippets.







